The Joe Rogan experience. Look,
can I ask Eddie this Eddie cuz me and Eddie have been going back and forth the
text. Why would, if it's, if I'm a conspiracy guy,
why would they do this? Eddie?
What? What's the question? You know what I'm.
Talking about? No, no, what's the question. Why would they do this?
Like why think they would fake a disease or, or make such.
A big deal of it for Trump? I know, I know Trump, it hurt, it hurts his.
There's so many theories. Some people think it helps him. So many.
Theories, Blas handling it.
Yeah. Yeah. Some people think he's handling it well, but there was a woman from,
uh, I forget where she was from. I wanna say anyway, she was a, a,
a press lady who asked a question,
like why his administration disbanded the pandemic office. And uh,
he didn't know about it.
And so he turned to some other guy that was on stage with him. He's like,
do you know about this? Like why did we,
there's a lot of people in my administration. He's like, I didn't,
I don't know what, but I did a lot of good things. And he goes,
and we saved a lot of people and stopping travel, saved thousands of lives.
And he told her it was a nasty question.
Nobody up more than Joe Biden though.
When he got in that argument with that guy on the floor of, uh, that, uh,
you know, that argument that he got with a union worker,
he was talking about the second amendment. Yeah. I didn't see it.
Biden has said that they're gonna take away certain guns.
He said that this is recent. No. He said that in, in interviews before,
and this guy was confronting him on it and he called him a liar and oh wow.
You know it.
Wasn't gun. Anybody,
anybody talking about like making our guns smaller and they're like spending
time with, oh, we need smaller magazines. You, you guys got 15.
We need to drop it down to nine. Right? Anytime you, you,
anybody says anything like that. I'm like, I don't trust you at all.
Why are you worried about the size of my magazine? You fake.
I'm trying to protect my family. Who cares if have 15 round or, oh,
we need smaller guns. We need less am. I'm like,
anytime someone says anything like that, I don't, you're already done with me,
dude. If you're, you're like trying to,
you're spending time on the size of my guns.
But I, I know what you're saying. You're done. I know what you're saying. Okay.
I know what you're saying, but hold on a second. You're looking at it logically.
You're looking at it like that's his real feelings.
The problem is when something comes along, politicians have to make a move.
They have to do something in response.
They have to have a response for a crisis.
And if they don't have some sort of response,
they don't have some sort of response in terms of take away some of the guns
lashing. You have to have response. You have, I get that. I get that.
But hold on man. But it it's, it's it doesn't, it's not logical. I,
I agree with you that like saying you're going to shut down the amount of rounds
or you're gonna like you're. If you're trying to com stop a mass shooting,
a more effective way, be better mental health.
That'd be a way more effective way. And then it's common sense.
Yes. It's good. Like you, you, okay. Some kid shoots up a mall.
Now I gotta give up my guns. Your guns are too big.
Like how does that make sense?
I'm just trying to protect my family against any coming in. And now you go, oh,
your gun's too big. We need a, like, to me,
that's some I of, of course, that's not what you're trying to.
You're worried about. You're the overall goal is to take the guns. Totally.
But I see what you're doing. You're going peace by piece inch by inch that's.
But.
If it was a grand conspiracy, that's what they would be doing.
But what they doing is they're politicians and the left generally wants gun
control. And they,
when people want piece to people and I don't want hear anything,
I understand what you're saying. Soon as you understand,
this is more of a political ploy. It's a.
It's a gay, I care. As soon as you start, as soon as you're into gun control,
I don't want to hear anything else. I think what's.
Weird is boom. I that's, it you're done. Okay.
But out of all the people in America.
Like you gimme a choice of Bernie Sanders or Biden like that. These are.
The guys. Well, not the best. We have to seem like it's Bernie Sanders anymore.
He's out. It seems like he's basically out. That's.
Such a bummer. You know what? You know what they're not talking about.
If they're not talking about what if I wouldn't be surprised if someone like's
so called experts said, Hey, listen,
if we eliminated all the tax scams going on throughout the
United States and all Congress,
we eliminated all that and really put our tax money to work.
And we had some tax tax force,
making sure that the tax money is siphoned out and scammed on and all these
scams, if we eliminate, I wouldn't be surprised if,
if we a straight flat tax of 15% would
cover everything beautifully. If it was just managed. No,
one's talking about managing. They're talking about raising taxes.
They're already stealing all our money and now you're gonna raise our taxes
more. Why don't we figure out who the of stealing all our money.
And then we worry about raising it, eliminated scams,
eliminate the scams, and then figure out, get,
I bet if we clean out the scams, I bet we're pet scams.
To what are scams, what are scams they're scams going? Tell me what.
They are that cross money that Biden was bragging about on video,
on the CFR that you could see on YouTube. Those are the scams.
That are going on. Well,
you're talking about them getting paid by foreign governments, right? Dude,
their.
Scams, their scam, all our tax money is being scammed. So they're talking about,
we need more tax money.
But actually go to something Eddie like the tax money,
like some something has to pay for the fire to depart.
Something has to pay to fix this tree.
For sure something has to pay a hundred percent I'm down with that.
But there of all those things, that's not what I'm talking about.
It's tremendous. I'm talking about.
There needs to be a task force that monitors where this money is
going and is, or people siphoning and scamming and well,
they certainly could be. We that's what they need to be to about.
They're talking about,
they're talking about more tax with obvious that we're being
scammed left and right with our money, our money's being scammed. We,
that should be top priority. Like who's stealing our money.
Let's have a task force. Let's figure out where all this tax money's going and,
and how all these politicians are writing these bills to siphon off
money into their foundations. Let's look into that. And then I bet,
I bet when it's all said and done and we clean that out.
I bet if everyone just throws in 15% flat, everybody's good. It seems.
Like everyone, Eddie, that seems like something, an economi,
sit down fantasy with a mathematician and they'd have to work this out.
It would take months and months. That's my, that's a ridiculous thing to say.
No, no, I don't know if you're right. It's ridiculous.
15% ridiculous without knowing exactly how much everything costs,
knowing how much, 15% actually ism sand. Yes. It's.
Ridiculous. There's all this dude. There's evidence of scams. You.
Scams. I believe that.
We could talk about some scams.
Going on. Okay. I'm sure there's out the open. I'm sure there's scams. You ever,
you ever think about.
You would save our money. They're scamming. That should be our number one.
Priority. I think it's mismanagement as much as it is. It's oh, no. It's.
A bunch of tax money. Who cares?
There's people looking at there's people looking after it. Okay.
That we should find out who the is monitoring all that.
It just seems like tax Mon is like a billion over there.
Have like a billion dollars over to that country aid. They,
they kick back 500 million into foundations
and that's what's going on right.
Now. Yeah. Yeah. It, we know we, yeah, you're right. We're being scammed.
Like there should be a way that you could get like an account of all the money
for goes. That should be number one. And then that should be all accounted.
And everyone should know that all the money's accounted for. It's not you just,
you can't be able to think about how much you you're, how much money save,
moving to Texas or Florida. Look.
At all these politicians that are multi-millionaires. I don't.
I did. I do think about that. Are you aware? Are you.
Aware? You pay a good.
'Em amount to live? You know, you pay for what you get.
Are you aware that there's politicians out there that are with worth like 50
million and a hundred.
Million isn't Nancy Pelosi worth like don't Hopkins.
They all have to be load to run. That's the game possible?
How was that possible? Well,
they got into business like Bloomberg before they got into, but that the game,
but if they made the money involved, that's sneak sketchy. Well,
a lot of them like Obama, Obama became rich after he left office.
That's when he became truly wealthy. Well what's scams scams going on. What's a,
but that's a different, that's not a tax scam. You know.
What? Hold on a of.
Deals being around Eddie, come on, you gotta let other people talk.
It's not a tax scam. That's a scam where he's getting paid to talk to bankers.
Correct.
And all these different people and they paid them hundreds of thousands of
dollars for all these speeches. Oh yeah. That's different. It's very scammy.
That's a different scam. It's very scammy, but not, that was the wrong scam.
I'm sorry, but it's you were talking about taxes. No, no specifically.
I'm sorry. I was all on the tax thing, but you're right. Different scam.
My bad I'm agree. A scam.
Still a scam. Oh listen. It's the Clinton foundation. The scam it's scam.
All those things are scams. The salary in the white house is 400. Is it 400 now?
Uh, it's probably like that, but Trump doesn't take any of it. He's like,
you can keep it. He said this. He said, this place is a double.
I'll take this on the long con I'll take money. Dumb man.
Yeah. He's, he'll take that long money. <laugh> a long game darling. But no,
he has enough money Trump. He didn't have to do it.
They're so after him he's he didn't have to do it. They keep the he's gonna do,
let's do again after him. Is he gonna Trump
let